How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I could compare them and seeing only the changes gave a hint for the typo.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    One is able to do lot of undo.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual commit allows you to choose a stable clean version. Automatic save helps you when there is sudden power outage.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    No clue.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    No clue either.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I make easier changes, since I can always revert.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Web development file versioning for my new website.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	To see evolution.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	
	Pro: Saving meaningful units. Con: If you forget, then it sucks.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	
	Becaus in programming multiple files can be interrelated.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	Easily. Just type it in and there you have it. 
	git diff <old ID> <new ID>

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	
	I can always find the problem and revert back.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to start a new project to make a Raspberry Pi audio player

	